[ImportVerilog] Update to slang 4 (#3)
fabianschuiki/circt: CMakeLists.txt

    install(TARGETS slang_slang unordered_dense EXPORT CIRCTTargets)
    set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS ${original_CXX_FLAGS})
  else()

>     # If you use the external way, you should use configure and build slang 
>     # with 3.0.0 version. Clone the slang and checkout to v3.0
>     # if you failed to build the slang v3.0 due to
>     # conflicts about package version used in slang, you can run with
>     # -DFETCHCONTENT_TRY_FIND_PACKAGE_MODE=NEVER to force it to download the
>     # correct version and build with that.
>     find_package(slang 3.0.0 EXACT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # If you use the external way, you should use configure and build slang 
    # with 4.0.0 version. Clone the slang and checkout to v4.0
    # if you failed to build the slang v4.0 due to
    # conflicts about package version used in slang, you can run with
    # -DFETCHCONTENT_TRY_FIND_PACKAGE_MODE=NEVER to force it to download the
    # correct version and build with that.
    find_package(slang 4.0.0 EXACT)
```
